[Leap]: Add approaches (#575)
exercism/crystal: exercises/practice/leap/.approaches/divisible-by/content.md

# Using `divisible_by?`

```crystal
module Year
  def self.leap?(year : Number) : Bool
    year.divisible_by?(4) && (year.divisible_by?(400) || !year.divisible_by?(100))
  end
end
```

The method takes a `Number` as an argument and returns a `Bool`.

> The method first checks if the number is dividable by 4 using the [`divisible_by?`][divisible_by] method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method first checks if the number is divisible by 4 using the [`divisible_by?`][divisible_by] method.
```

> If the number is dividable by 4 it returns `true` otherwise `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the number is divisible by 4 it returns `true` otherwise `false`.
```

> Then is the same procedure  done but with 400 and 100 instead of 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we repeat the `divisible_by?` method call with with 400 and 100.
```

But the result when dividing by 100 is inverted using the `!` operator.

> Then the result of the division by 400 is checked with the `||` operator, which means or.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally,  we evaluate the result of the division by 400 using  the `||` operator, the logical OR operator.
```

If one of the two is true the result is true.

> After that are the two results combined with the `&&` operator, which means and.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After those checks,  the two resulting Boolean values are combined with the `&&` operator, the logical AND operator.
```
